The finals of the 23rd National Wushu Competition
It's the third round
Unexpectedly, Huaxia is a genius
The night cold can gradually fall into the downwind
There you are.
I already won the competition for your brother
You can let my sister go now
As expected of the only descendant of the Mu family
Can actually win the martial arts genius Yihan
It really relieved our confidants for Dongying
If you are willing to join us in Dongying
Bah I'm dreaming
A lackey working in Dongying
They have started to help people beat formaldehyde
What else are you pretending to be tall?
Humph
Really with you
I don't know how to be like my dad
otherwise
Your mother can't die because she doesn't have money for treatment
Okay?
Things about our Mu family
It's not your turn to worry about an outsider
Let us go
Four people.
How did it go?
Here's my leg.
Yang Kai
Miss Mu
Then I look forward to our next cooperation.
And the next time.
Don't move, put your hands up
Someone has reported that you are suspected of manipulating the competition
Please go back with us and cooperate with the investigation. What?
So you bitch called the police
Don't you forget.
The person who is cold on a dark night is you
Do you think you can run away?
Never wanted to escape
Dongying launched an underground black dog competition
Manipulate the country privately
Grass rape
Now is the time for you to pay the price
All by the handle
squat
chest out
Huaxia Wushu
Aim for People
Fighting doesn't hurt
Poor is duty
Do not take it by force
You remember dad
Dad?
I am after all
Wrong way